>> Bianca Gandolfo: So post-order,
let's take a little peek here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So our 5, 3, 6.
So if we're doing left, right, self,
those terms, what is post-order?
>> Speaker 2: Left, right, self.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm hm,
left, right, self.
>> Speaker 2: But
the terms are in the pattern.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm hm.
>> Speaker 2: Then then in is in between.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
in is actually in the correct
order of smallest to highest.
Yep, exactly, good catch there.
I think I really do think that computer
scientists coin terms to make things
easier to remember, although
sometimes it's easier to forget when
they start making up crazy words for
stuff like iteration.
It's a loop.
A lot of you would rather
call it integration.
Anyway, or K catination, I don't know.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Like adding.
>> Group: [INAUDIBLE] [LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Summation.
Smoosh.
Squish.
Some fun ones.
Or just name it something but
a smaller version of you know, concat.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Too little, call it.
Okay, so we're kind of seeing
a pattern here, right?
So if we were gonna pseudocode this out,
we would say left, right, self.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
let us get rid of these.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Left,
right, self.
So here's our solutions, it's not too
far off from our pseudo code, right?
>> Speaker 5: No,
it looks exactly the same.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [CROSSTALK] Yeah,
let's think that is the same.
So in order, we do the child,
then left, then right.
For pre-order, we do self left then right.
Post-order, left, right, and then self.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's quite elegant,
right?
This is why we say, recursion is
elegant because doing a pretty complex
traversal, we're doing a lot of things
here is actually just a few lines of code.
It's kind of nice.
Do you feel your appreciation growing for
recursion?
Maybe day one recursion was like,
my God, scary.
Hopefully at this point you're like, wow,
I can see that it's quite useful once you
wrap your head around what's happening.
So someone on chat was asking,
what's this breath first business and
we're gonna talk about that
when we talk about graphs.
But depth first, as the name suggests,
goes all the way to the bottom.
Depth, depth, depth and then pops back
while breadth goes layer by layer.
So if we have a tree which we do,
we've been making trees all day.
Where's our tree?
Lot of arrows.
So breadth would go this, then this one
and this one and then this one, right?
Well depth goes down first, but
we'll get into specific implementation
details on that tomorrow.